---
name: replication-canary

templates:
  bpm.yml.erb: config/bpm.yml
  manual-write: bin/manual-write
  manual-read: bin/manual-read
  replication-canary.yml.erb: config/replication-canary.yml

packages:
- replication-canary

consumes:
- name: mysql
  type: mysql
  optional: true
- name: proxy
  type: proxy
  optional: true
- name: cloud_controller
  type: cloud_controller
  optional: true

provides:
- name: replication-canary
  type: db
  properties:
  - mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.canary_username
  - mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.canary_password
  - mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.api_port
  - mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.tls.enabled
  - mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.tls.ca
  - mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.tls.server_name

properties:
  domain:
    description: 'Domain reserved for CF operator, base URL where the login, uaa, and other non-user apps listen'
  cf_mysql.external_host:
    description: 'Domain of the route registered for the UI via NATS (with the router in cf-release)'
  cf.skip_ssl_validation:
    description: 'Determines whether replication-canary verifies SSL certificates when communicating with Cloud Controller and UAA'
    default: false

  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.cluster_ips:
    description: 'Optional. List of IP addresses of servers used to read data from'
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.mysql_port:
    description: 'Database port for contacting mysql'
    default: 3306
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.canary_database:
    description: 'Canary database'
    default: 'canary_db'
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.canary_username:
    description: 'Canary username'
    default: 'repcanary'
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.canary_password:
    description: 'Canary user password'
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.write_read_delay:
    description: 'This property configures how long the canary waits to read the chirps after writing (in seconds)'
    default: 20
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.poll_frequency:
    description: 'Configure how frequently the canary polls the cluster for replication failure (in seconds)'
    default: 30
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.api_port:
    description: 'Port number for interrogating the canary via HTTP'
    default: 8111

  mysql-monitoring.notify_only:
    description: 'When true, replication failure will not shut traffic off at the proxy'
    default: false
  mysql-monitoring.recipient_email:
    description: 'The email address to send mysql monitoring notifications to'
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.uaa_admin_client_username:
    description: 'Username of the UAA client used to create the notifications client'
    default: admin
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.uaa_admin_client_secret:
    description: 'Secret of the UAA client used to create the notifications client'
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.notifications_client_username:
    description: 'Username of the UAA client used to send mysql monitoring notifications. This will be created using the uaa admin client.'
    default: mysql-monitoring
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.notifications_client_secret:
    description: 'Secret of the UAA client used to send mysql monitoring notifications. This will be used when creating the client.'

  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.switchboard_count:
    description: 'Optional. The number of switchboard proxies'
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.switchboard_username:
    description: 'Basic Auth username to contact the Switchboard API'
    default: proxy
  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.switchboard_password:
    description: 'Basic Auth password to contact the Switchboard API'

  mysql-monitoring.cluster_identifier:
    description: 'The cluster identifier will be included in the subject of replication notification e-mails. It should be a unique identifier.'

  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.tls.enabled:
    description: Enable TLS for client connections to replication-canary
    default: false

  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.tls.ca:
    description: PEM-encoded authority certificate for replication-canary
    default: ""

  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.tls.certificate:
    description: PEM-encoded certificate for securing TLS communication to replication-canary
    default: ""

  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.tls.private_key:
    description: PEM-encoded key for securing TLS communication to replication-canary
    default: ""

  mysql-monitoring.replication-canary.tls.server_name:
    description: ServerName is used to advertise the expected hostname on the replication-canary certificate
    default: ""

  logging.format.timestamp:
    description: |
      Format for timestamp in component logs. Valid values are 'rfc3339', 'unix-epoch'. 'rfc3339' is the recommended
      format. It will result in all timestamps controlled by this job to be in RFC3339 format, which is human readable.
      This includes stdout, pre-start, and post-start logs. This does not include stderr logs from golang libraries.
      'unix-epoch' will result in all timestamps being in the format they were before the rfc3339 flag was introduced.
      This format is different for different logs. We do not recommend using this flag unless you have scripts that
      expect a particular timestamp format.
    default: "rfc3339"
